README.md, before:

>## Archived Aras Community Project
*This project has been migrated to GitHub from the old Aras Projects page (http://www.aras.com/projects). As an Archived project, this project is no longer being actively developed or maintained.*

>*For current projects, please visit the new Aras Community Projects page on the updated Aras Community site: http://community.aras.com/projects*

# SilverLight Sample Web Client

Example web client using Microsoft Silverlight.

Silverlight uses an asynchronous model for XML-HTTP transactions which is an interesting programming challenge. The sample solution was developed as a Timesheet application, and then stripped down to demonstrate a useful pattern for making the asynchronous XML-HTTP requests to the Innovator Server.

Another interesting pattern in Silverlight development is Binding of XML data structures to UI elements. On one hand, this makes the development simpler, but only until you need something not covered by binding scenarios of course.

## History

Release notes/descriptions for the original project posted on the previous Aras Projects page.

Release | Notes
--------|--------
[v1.0](https://github.com/ArasLabs/silverlight-client-sample/releases/tag/v1.0) | First release - works with VS2010, Silverlgiht 4, and Aras Innovator 9.2. This demonstration has a logo screen, and then runs a query of all User items, and populates a grid with the user data. We used this base code to build a complete TimeSheet data entry system.

#### Supported Aras Versions

Project | Aras
--------|------
[v1.0](https://github.com/ArasLabs/silverlight-client-sample/releases/tag/v1.0) | Aras 9.2

> ###### *Please note: Aras Community Projects are provided on an "as-is" basis.*

>*Due to the wide array of possible business requirements, customizations, and use cases, we cannot guarantee compatibility or support for any given project.*

>*If you experience issues with this or any other Aras Community Project, please contact the project author and file an issue on the project's GitHub repository. You can also check out the [Aras Developer Forums](http://community.aras.com/forums/) to see if any other community members have experienced the same issue.*

## Credits

**Project Owner:** Matt Schroer, Aras Corporation

**Created On:** November 12, 2010

## License

This project is published under the Microsoft Public License license (MS-PL). See the [LICENSE file](./LICENSE.md) for license rights and limitations.

Commit message:

Archive Build 1.0
Initial release - supports 8.1.1

README.md, after:

>## Archived Aras Community Project
*This project has been migrated to GitHub from the old Aras Projects page (http://www.aras.com/projects). As an Archived project, this project is no longer being actively developed or maintained.*

>*For current projects, please visit the new Aras Community Projects page on the updated Aras Community site: http://community.aras.com/projects*

# Community Site

Source code for hosting a collaborative software development site based on Innovator.

Includes the Innovator Package with the ItemTypes, Forms, etc, and the Visual Studio 2003 project that has the custom ASPX based user interface.

## History

Release notes/descriptions for the original project posted on the previous Aras Projects page.

Release | Notes
--------|--------
[v1.0](https://github.com/ArasLabs/community-site-example/releases/tag/v1.0) | Initial release - supports 8.1.1

#### Supported Aras Versions

Project | Aras
--------|------
[v1.0](https://github.com/ArasLabs/community-site-example/releases/tag/v1.0) | Aras 8.1.1

> ###### *Please note: Aras Community Projects are provided on an "as-is" basis.*

>*Due to the wide array of possible business requirements, customizations, and use cases, we cannot guarantee compatibility or support for any given project.*

>*If you experience issues with this or any other Aras Community Project, please contact the project author and file an issue on the project's GitHub repository. You can also check out the [Aras Developer Forums](http://community.aras.com/forums/) to see if any other community members have experienced the same issue.*

## Credits

**Project Owner:** Peter Schroer, Aras Corporation

**Created On:** December 28, 2007

## License

This project is published under the Microsoft Public License license (MS-PL). See the [LICENSE file](./LICENSE.md) for license rights and limitations.
